Add `Gameplay/Quick_play` (#13920)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Gameplay/Quick_play/en.md

---
tags:
  - quickplay
  - matchmaking
  - match making
  - multiplayer
  - MMR
  - rating
---

# Quick play

> **Quick play** is a queue-based multiplayer mode introduced to [osu!(lazer)](/wiki/Client/Release_stream/Lazer) on October 29, 2025 ([release](https://github.com/ppy/osu/releases/tag/2025.1029.1-lazer)). It is the first queue-based multiplayer system introduced to the game.

Reviewer: using the osu! website changelog page feels more user-friendly
```suggestion
**Quick play** is a queue-based multiplayer mode introduced to [osu!(lazer)](/wiki/Client/Release_stream/Lazer) on October 29, 2025 ([release](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/changelog/lazer/2025.1029.1)). It is the first queue-based multiplayer system introduced to the game.
```

> *Note: osu!mania 4K and 7K are split into separate queues and are thus referred to as separate modes.*

Reviewer: how about moving this to a footnote and referencing it whenever relevant?
